Add CAPM3 Introduction doc (#280)
metal3-io/metal3-docs: docs/user-guide/src/capm3/introduction.md

# Kubernetes Cluster API Provider Metal3

Kubernetes-native declarative infrastructure for Metal3.

<div>
    <img src="../images/metal3-color.svg" width="120px" />
</div>

## What is the Cluster API Provider Metal3

The [Cluster API](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/) brings declarative,
Kubernetes-style APIs to cluster creation, configuration and management. The API

> itself is shared across multiple cloud providers. Cluster API Provider Metal3 is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
itself is shared across multiple infrastructure providers. Cluster API Provider Metal3 is
```

## Getting involved and contributing

Are you interested in contributing to cluster-api-provider-metal3? We, the maintainers and community, would love your suggestions, contributions, and help! Also, the maintainers can be contacted at any time to learn more about how to get involved.

To set up your environment checkout the [development environment](#development-environment).

In the interest of getting more new people involved, we tag issues with [good first issue](https://github.com/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3/labels/good%20first%20issue). These are typically issues that have smaller scope but are good ways to start to get acquainted with the codebase.

We also encourage ALL active community participants to act as if they are maintainers, even if you don’t have "official" write permissions. This is a community effort, we are here to serve the Kubernetes community. If you have an active interest and you want to get involved, you have real power! Don’t assume that the only people who can get things done around here are the "maintainers".

We also would love to add more “official” maintainers, so show us what you can do!

> This repository uses the Kubernetes bots. See a full list of the commands here. Note that some of them might not be implemented it in metal3-ci.

Reviewer: Missing link here. Not sure where it should point though. Do we have a list with all commands?

Author: Thanks. Fixed

## Community

Community details can be found [here.](https://github.com/metal3-io/metal3-docs#community)

> ## Github issues
> 

Reviewer: nit: To avoid heading on heading, maybe we can have something here.
```suggestion
## Github issues

We use Github issues to keep track of bugs and feature requests.
There are two different templates to help ensuring that relevant information is included,

```

### Bugs

If you think you have found a bug please follow the instructions below.

- Please spend a small amount of time giving due diligence to the issue tracker. Your issue might be a duplicate.
- Get the logs from the cluster controllers. Please paste this into your issue.

> - Open a bug report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open a [bug report](https://github.com/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=bug_report.md).
```

## Getting involved and contributing

Are you interested in contributing to Cluster API Provider Metal3? We, the maintainers and community, would love your suggestions, contributions, and help! Also, the maintainers can be contacted at any time to learn more about how to get involved.

To set up your environment checkout the [development environment](#development-environment).

In the interest of getting more new people involved, we tag issues with [good first issue](https://github.com/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3/labels/good%20first%20issue). These are typically issues that have smaller scope but are good ways to start to get acquainted with the codebase.

We also encourage ALL active community participants to act as if they are maintainers, even if you don’t have "official" write permissions. This is a community effort, we are here to serve the Kubernetes community. If you have an active interest and you want to get involved, you have real power! Don’t assume that the only people who can get things done around here are the "maintainers".

We also would love to add more “official” maintainers, so show us what you can do!

> All the repositories in the Metal3 project, including the Cluster API Provider Metal3 GitHub repository, use the Kubernetes bots. See a full list of the commands [here.](https://go.k8s.io/bot-commands) Note that some of them might not be implemented in metal3 CI.

Reviewer 2: Nit: We do not use K8s bot, if you meant - https://github.com/k8s-ci-robot, we use [metal3-io-bot](https://github.com/metal3-io-bot) which is a custom bot for Metal3

Author: I mean Kubernetes prow bot commands here which we use in our CI.

Reviewer 2: When it is read, sounds like we are saying we use k8s bot, maybe you can make it a bit clearer, i.e:
```suggestion
All the repositories in the Metal3 project, including the Cluster API Provider Metal3 GitHub repository, use the Kubernetes bot commands and the full list of the commands can be found [here.](https://go.k8s.io/bot-commands) Note that some of them might not be implemented in metal3 CI.
```

Author: @furkatgofurov7 I am a bit confused, you said we are not using https://github.com/k8s-ci-robot, but we do right since prow comes from https://github.com/k8s-ci-robot/test-infra. And metal3-io-bot is a github bot which acts on this commands. Am I missing something?

Reviewer 2: @kashifest prow comes from test infra yes, but the bot can be different to interact with the prow cluster, for us it is metal3-io-bot that interacts with it, while i.e CAPI uses native test infra bot since all the configurations for their prow cluster is there.  
Here is https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/prow/blob/main/site/content/en/docs/Legacy%20Snapshot/prow/README.md#prow-in-the-wild list of other projects that uses prow but if you check carefully, each of them have their own custom bot to interact with their own prow cluster.

## Github issues

We use Github issues to keep track of bugs and feature requests.
There are two different templates to help ensuring that relevant information is included.

### Bugs

If you think you have found a bug please follow the instructions below.

- Please spend a small amount of time giving due diligence to the issue tracker. Your issue might be a duplicate.
- Collect logs from relevant components and make sure to include them in the [bug report](https://github.com/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=bug_report.md) you are going to open.
- Remember users might be searching for your issue in the future, so please give it a meaningful title to help others.
- Feel free to reach out to the metal3 [community](#community).

### Tracking new features

We also use the issue tracker to track features. If you have an idea for a feature, or think you can help Cluster API Provider Metal3 become even more awesome, then follow the steps below.

- Open a [feature request.](https://github.com/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3/issues/new?template=feature_request.md)

> - Remember users might be searching for your issue in the future, so please give it a meaningful title to help others.

Reviewer 2: maybe: 
```suggestion
- Remember users might be searching for your feature request issue in the future, so please give it a meaningful title to help others.
```
?

# Kubernetes Cluster API Provider Metal3

Kubernetes-native declarative infrastructure for Metal3.

<div>
    <img src="../images/metal3-color.svg" width="120px" />
</div>

## What is the Cluster API Provider Metal3

The [Cluster API](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/) brings declarative,
Kubernetes-style APIs to cluster creation, configuration and management. The API
itself is shared across multiple cloud providers. Cluster API Provider Metal3 is
one of the providers for Cluster API and enables users to deploy a Cluster API based
cluster on top of bare metal infrastructure using Metal3.

## Compatibility with Cluster API

| CAPM3 version | Cluster API version | CAPM3 Release |
|---------------|---------------------|---------------|
| ~~v1alpha4~~  | ~~v1alpha3~~        | ~~v0.4.X~~    |
| v1alpha5      | v1alpha4            | v0.5.X        |

> | v1beta1       | v1beta1             | v1.1.X        |

Reviewer 2: Maybe we do not need this info here at all since we do have a https://deploy-preview-280--metal3io.netlify.app/version_support.html page where we outline the supported versions in detail, WDYT?

Author: Actually no Furkat, they are talking about different things, supported versions talks about what are the current versions we are supporting. I am trying to highlight here the compatibility of CAPM3 with CAPI. I agree that supported version include a link to compatibility but that includes IPAM as well. However since this is CAPM3 intro, I would like to keep this section here.

Reviewer 2: That makes sense, let's keep it as is then. We do have CAPM3 v1.2.X releases though since this has been last updated, can we include it in the list, please?

## Development Environment

There are multiple ways to setup a development environment:

- [Using Tilt](https://github.com/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3/blob/main/docs/dev-setup.md#tilt-development-environment)
- [Other management cluster](https://github.com/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3/blob/main/docs/dev-setup.md#development-using-Kind-or-Minikube)
- See [metal3-dev-env](https://github.com/metal3-io/metal3-dev-env) for an
  end-to-end development and test environment for
  `cluster-api-provider-metal3` and
  [baremetal-operator](https://github.com/metal3-io/baremetal-operator).

## Getting involved and contributing

> Are you interested in contributing to cluster-api-provider-metal3? We, the maintainers and community, would love your suggestions, contributions, and help! Also, the maintainers can be contacted at any time to learn more about how to get involved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Are you interested in contributing to Cluster API Provider Metal3? We, the maintainers and community, would love your suggestions, contributions, and help! Also, the maintainers can be contacted at any time to learn more about how to get involved.
```

To set up your environment checkout the [development environment](#development-environment).

> In the interest of getting more new people involved, we tag issues with [good first issue](https://github.com/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3/labels/good%20first%20issue). These are typically issues that have smaller scope but are good ways to start to get acquainted with the codebase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the interest of getting more new people involved, we tag issues with [good first issue](https://github.com/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3/labels/good%20first%20issue). These are typically issues that have a smaller scope but are good ways to start to get acquainted with the codebase.
```

We also encourage ALL active community participants to act as if they are maintainers, even if you don’t have "official" write permissions. This is a community effort, we are here to serve the Kubernetes community. If you have an active interest and you want to get involved, you have real power! Don’t assume that the only people who can get things done around here are the "maintainers".

We also would love to add more “official” maintainers, so show us what you can do!

> This repository uses the Kubernetes bots. See a full list of the commands [here.](https://go.k8s.io/bot-commands) Note that some of them might not be implemented it in metal3-ci.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All the repositories in the Metal3 project, including the Cluster API Provider Metal3 GitHub repository, use the Kubernetes bots. See a full list of the commands [here.](https://go.k8s.io/bot-commands) Note that some of them might not be implemented in metal3 CI.
```

## Community

> Community details can be found [here.](https://github.com/metal3-io/metal3-docs#community)

Reviewer 2: maybe 
```suggestion
Community resources can be found [here.](https://github.com/metal3-io/metal3-docs#community)
```

## Github issues

We use Github issues to keep track of bugs and feature requests.
There are two different templates to help ensuring that relevant information is included.

### Bugs

If you think you have found a bug please follow the instructions below.

- Please spend a small amount of time giving due diligence to the issue tracker. Your issue might be a duplicate.

> - Get the logs from the cluster controllers. Please paste this into your issue.
> - Open a [bug report](https://github.com/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=bug_report.md).

Reviewer 2: Maybe these could be merged into one:
```suggestion
- Collect logs from relevant components and make sure to include them in the [bug report](https://github.com/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=bug_report.md) you are going to open.

```

- Remember users might be searching for your issue in the future, so please give it a meaningful title to help others.

> - Feel free to reach out to the cluster-api or metal3 community on [kubernetes slack.](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/communication#slack)

Reviewer 2: cluster-api? this looks a bit misleading to me to refer to kubernetes slack without referring to channel name(s). Should we maybe leave this out since we do give community details earlier which already includes this information?

### Tracking new features

We also use the issue tracker to track features. If you have an idea for a feature, or think you can help Cluster API Provider Metal3 become even more awesome, then follow the steps below.

- Open a [feature request.](https://github.com/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3/issues/new?template=feature_request.md)
- Remember users might be searching for your issue in the future, so please give it a meaningful title to help others.

> - Clearly define the use case, using concrete examples. EG: I type this and cluster-api-provider-metal3 does that.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Clearly define the use case, using concrete examples, e.g. `I type this and cluster-api-provider-metal3 does that`.
```

> - Some of our larger features will require proposal. If you would like to include a technical design for your feature please open a feature proposal in [metal3-docs](https://github.com/metal3-io/metal3-docs) using [this template](https://github.com/metal3-io/metal3-docs/blob/main/design/_template.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Some of our larger features will require a proposal. If you would like to include a technical design for your feature please open a feature proposal in [metal3-docs](https://github.com/metal3-io/metal3-docs) using [this template](https://github.com/metal3-io/metal3-docs/blob/main/design/_template.md).
```
